Product Requirements Document: Bedrock Innovations Landing Page




Document Version:

1.4

Status:

Final

Author:

Gemini AI

Date:

August 19, 2025

Last Updated:

August 19, 2025

1. Introduction & Strategic Goals
1.1. Overview
This document provides the comprehensive product and technical requirements for the public-facing landing page for Bedrock Innovations. This page will serve as the company's primary digital storefront and its most critical lead-generation asset. The project's scope is to design, develop, and deploy a single, persuasive, and highly polished web page that effectively communicates Bedrock's unique value proposition to its target market.

A foundational principle of this project is the strict adherence to the provided marketing copy. All headlines, sub-headlines, body paragraphs, and calls-to-action specified within this document are final and must be implemented verbatim to maintain brand messaging integrity.

1.2. Problem Statement
Bedrock Innovations currently lacks a dedicated, high-quality online presence to attract and convert its ideal customers—leaders in service industries (landscaping, construction, field services) who are underserved by existing software solutions. Without a compelling landing page, the company cannot efficiently articulate its value, build credibility, or capture qualified leads, thereby hindering its growth potential. This project will solve that problem by creating a focused, narrative-driven experience that guides prospects from initial awareness to a formal sales inquiry.

1.3. Target Audience
The primary user persona for this landing page is:

"David," The Owner/Decision-Maker:

Role: Owner, CEO, or senior operations manager of a mid-to-large-sized service industry company (e.g., commercial landscaping, residential construction) with annual revenues between $10M and $50M.

Technical Proficiency: Moderate. Comfortable using software but not a technical expert. Values simplicity and intuitive design.

Pain Points: Deeply frustrated with high recurring costs for clunky, off-the-shelf software that only partially meets his business needs. He feels his company is being held back by operational inefficiencies, manual data entry, and a lack of innovation from his current software vendors. He is concerned about falling behind competitors who are leveraging modern AI and automation.

Goals: Find a technology partner who understands his specific industry challenges. He wants to increase profitability, streamline complex workflows, and gain a competitive edge through a solution that provides a clear, measurable return on investment without causing significant disruption to his team's established processes.

1.4. Business Objectives & Success Metrics
The landing page will be considered successful if it achieves the following objectives:

Objective

Key Metric

Success Target (First 3 Months)

Generate Qualified Leads

Number of valid form submissions

> 30 submissions

Achieve High Conversion Rate

(Valid Submissions / Unique Visitors) * 100

> 3%

Establish Brand Credibility

Time on Page / Scroll Depth

Average time > 2 minutes / > 75% scroll depth

Ensure High Performance

Google Core Web Vitals (LCP, FID, CLS)

All metrics in the "Good" threshold

2. Functional Requirements & Verbatim Page Content
This section details the 10 distinct modules of the landing page. All content is specified and must be implemented exactly as written.

2.1. Section 1: Main Section: Immediate Impact & Value Proposition
Objective: To capture the visitor's attention within the first 5 seconds, clearly state the problem and solution, and provide an immediate, compelling call-to-action.

Verbatim Copy:

Navigation Bar Links: How It Works | Solutions | Why Us | Our Team | Contact

Main Headline: Stop Fighting Outdated Software. Start Building Your Future.

Sub-headline: We build custom, end-to-end AI solutions for service industry leaders in landscaping, construction, and field services who are tired of clunky, overpriced systems that aren't innovating fast enough.

Primary CTA Text: Request My Free Demo (Option A) OR Get My Free Custom Demo (Option B for A/B testing).

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: Full-screen hero section.

Background: A short, high-quality, looping background video depicting a modern AI interface transforming chaotic data into a clean, seamless workflow. A dark, semi-transparent overlay (e.g., bg-black/60) must be applied to ensure text contrast and readability.

Components:

Navigation: A sticky header that becomes opaque on scroll. Links should use smooth scrolling to navigate to the corresponding sections.

shadcn/ui: <Button size="lg"> for the primary CTA.

2.2. Section 2: Credibility Bar: Establishing Trust
Objective: To rapidly build trust and authority by leveraging the brand equity of well-known, prestigious organizations.

Verbatim Copy:

Headline: Our team brings experience from world-class organizations.

Logos: Bain & Company, Salesforce, Mars & Co., Wharton, Stanford, Porsche, and others.

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A clean, full-width horizontal bar with significant vertical padding.

Styling: Use a muted background color (e.g., bg-muted) to subtly separate it from the sections above and below.

Logos: Displayed in a single row. Logos must be high-resolution SVGs, rendered in grayscale for uniformity, with a full-color reveal on hover to add a touch of interactivity.

2.3. Section 3: The Problem: Agitating the Pain Point
Objective: To create a strong emotional connection with the target audience by demonstrating a deep understanding of their specific frustrations.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: If your software feels like it was built 10 years ago—or isn't innovating fast enough—it probably was.

Pain Points:

Frustrating Workflows: Forcing your team to adapt to rigid, inefficient software?

Sky-High Costs: Paying for features you don't need while prices climb?

Stagnant Innovation: Waiting endlessly for updates that never come while competitors advance with AI?

Wasted Time: Losing hours to manual data entry and repetitive tasks?

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A four-column grid on desktop, transitioning to a two-column grid on tablets and a single column on mobile.

Components: Each grid item will be a distinct visual unit containing a large icon, the title, and the descriptive question.

Lucide React Icons:

Frustrating Workflows: Workflow

Sky-High Costs: TrendingDown

Stagnant Innovation: PackageX

Wasted Time: Hourglass

2.4. Section 4: The Solution: Introducing the Transformation
Objective: To pivot from the user's pain to Bedrock's unique, compelling solution, highlighting the core benefits of a custom partnership model.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: A Tool Built for You. And Only You.

Core Message: Bedrock Innovations doesn't sell you a one-size-fits-all product. We become your dedicated development partner, building a lean, powerful AI system around your exact processes. The result? A tool so intuitive your team can use it on day one—with little to no learning curve. We deliver a measurable impact on your efficiency and your bottom line. Our commitment is backed by a simple guarantee: we will never keep or use your data.

Key Benefits:

Increase Efficiency: Automate tasks, streamline operations, and empower your team to focus on growth.

Reduce Costs: Pay only for what you use. We back this with our guarantee—no hidden fees.

A Partnership That Evolves With You: Our commitment doesn't end at launch. You'll receive continuous AI upgrades, expert consultations on the latest technologies, and our long-term commitment to your system's peak performance.

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A central, wide-measure text block for the core message, followed by a three-column grid for the key benefits.

shadcn/ui: <Card> will be used for each of the three benefits. Each card will contain an icon, the benefit title, and the descriptive text.

Lucide React Icons:

Increase Efficiency: Zap

Reduce Costs: ShieldCheck

A Partnership That Evolves: GitMerge

2.5. Section 5: How We Work: The Simple Path to Success
Objective: To demystify the custom development process, reduce perceived risk, and build confidence by showcasing a simple, transparent, and rapid engagement model.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: Our Simple, Transparent Process

The Process:

Step 1: Discover (Day 1): We schedule a call with a decision maker to listen carefully to your biggest challenges and needs. We sign an NDA.

Step 2: Demonstrate (Day 5): Within 5 business days, we deliver a free, working custom demo to prove we understand and are serious—no strings attached.

Step 3: Deliver (Within 3 Months): We scope out the technical details, build, and deliver your custom AI tool in under 3 months (with the exception of larger projects).

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A clean, 3-step infographic. On desktop, this will be a horizontal layout with connecting dashed lines or chevrons between each step to guide the user's eye. On mobile, it will stack vertically.

Components: Each step will be a distinct visual block, possibly using a bordered <Card>, containing a large step number (e.g., "01"), an icon, the step title, and the description.

Lucide React Icons:

Step 1: Discover: ClipboardList

Step 2: Demonstrate: Presentation

Step 3: Deliver: PackageCheck

2.6. Section 6: Solutions in Action: Concrete Proof (Mini Case Studies)
Objective: To provide tangible, relatable proof of Bedrock's capabilities and the ROI of its solutions, transforming abstract promises into concrete success stories.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: AI Tools We've Built for Companies Like Yours

Case Studies (Full text for all four to be used verbatim):

Case Study 1: Voice-to-Proposal: Client: A commercial landscaping company...

Case Study 2: Automated Materials Tracking: Client: A residential construction firm...

Case Study 3: AI Sales Development Rep: Client: A field services company...

Case Study 4: Customized Client Discovery Tools: Client: A construction services provider...

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A repeating two-column layout for each case study, alternating sides (image left/text right, then text left/image right) to create visual rhythm down the page.

Visuals: Each case study will feature a high-quality, auto-playing, looped animated GIF or a short (max 20-second) screen recording showcasing the tool in action.

shadcn/ui: <Card> will contain the text content for each case study, clearly structured with labels like "Client," "Problem," "Solution," and "Result."

2.7. Section 7: Who We Are: The Team Behind the Tech
Objective: To humanize the brand, build deep personal trust, and showcase the world-class expertise and relentless work ethic of the founding team.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: Strategic Insight Meets Relentless Execution

Core Message: We're highly driven people who don't believe in work/life balance—we just want to deliver the best service and product. Our technical office in Seoul, South Korea, runs a tight, tireless team committed to bringing the latest AI from the lab to your business, working day and night to optimize your company.

Team Bios (Full paragraphs for Chris Peeler, Paul Mewes, and KJ Yoo to be used verbatim):

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A central text block for the core message, followed by a three-column grid for the team bios.

Components:

shadcn/ui: <Card> for each team member. Each card will contain a professional headshot, the name, the experience/education summary, and the full bio paragraph.

shadcn/ui: <Avatar> for the headshots.

2.8. Section 8: Real Results: What Our Clients Say
Objective: To deliver powerful, unbiased social proof from a satisfied client, which is often more persuasive than the company's own claims.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: Don't just take our word for it.

Quote: "Bedrock cut our proposal generation time by 90% and saved us over $20,000 in the first year alone. It's a complete game-changer."

Attribution: Jane Doe, CEO, GreenScape Landscaping

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A visually distinct, full-width section with a prominent background color or image.

Components: A large, stylized quotation mark icon (using a Lucide icon or custom SVG) will anchor the section. The layout will feature the client's professional photo, the large-font quote, and the attribution.

2.9. Section 9: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ): Overcoming Objections
Objective: To proactively address and neutralize common customer questions and objections, removing the final barriers to conversion.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: Answering Your Questions

Questions & Answers (All three Q&As to be used verbatim):

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A centered, single-column layout with a constrained max-width for readability.

shadcn/ui: <Accordion type="single" collapsible> will be used to create a clean, interactive list where users can click each question to reveal its answer.

2.10. Section 10: Final Call-to-Action: The Final Push
Objective: To provide a clear, compelling, and frictionless final opportunity for the user to convert into a qualified lead.

Verbatim Copy:

Section Headline: Your Transformation Starts Here. See What a Custom AI Could Do For You.

Sub-headline: Tell us about your biggest operational headache. We'll show you how to solve it with a free, no-obligation custom demo.

Form Field Labels: Full Name*, Company Name*, Your Role/Title*, Work Email*, What's the main operational challenge you want to solve?*

Submit Button Text: Get My Free Demo

Reassurance Text: We'll get back to you within one business day to schedule a brief, no-pressure discovery call. We will never share your information or send you spam.

Legal Text: Terms and service and privacy policy. We reassure whatever they share we wont share with other competitors (This must be implemented as linked text).

Visual Elements & Components:

Layout: A two-column layout on desktop, with the headlines and sub-headline on the left and the contact form on the right. This will stack into a single column on mobile.

shadcn/ui: <Input>, <Textarea>, <Label>, and <Button size="lg" className="w-full">.

Form Validation: Real-time, client-side validation will provide instant feedback on errors (e.g., "A valid work email is required.").

3. User Experience (UX) & Design
3.1. User Flow
The primary user flow is linear. The user lands on the hero section, is intrigued, and scrolls down. Each section builds upon the last, taking them on a journey from understanding their problem to believing in Bedrock's solution and, finally, to converting. A secondary flow allows users to use the sticky navigation to jump to sections of interest.

3.2. Design Principles
Professional & Trustworthy: The design must be clean, modern, and uncluttered, using ample white space. The aesthetic should communicate competence and high value.

Clarity Above All: Typography must be crisp and legible. The visual hierarchy should be unambiguous, guiding the user's eye naturally down the page.

Mobile-First: The experience on mobile devices is paramount. The design must be fully responsive, ensuring no horizontal scrolling and that all interactive elements are easily tappable.

3.3. Accessibility (A11y)
The site must be compliant with WCAG 2.1 AA standards. This includes:

Keyboard Navigation: All interactive elements (links, buttons, form fields, accordion) must be fully navigable and operable using only a keyboard.

Semantic HTML: Use proper HTML5 tags (<nav>, <main>, <section>, <header>, <footer>) to define the page structure.

ARIA Attributes: Use appropriate ARIA roles where necessary.

Color Contrast: All text must meet the minimum contrast ratios against its background.

Alt Text: All meaningful images must have descriptive alt text. Decorative images should have empty alt="" attributes.

4. Technical Specifications
4.1. Technology Stack
Framework: Next.js 14+ (App Router)

Language: TypeScript

Styling: Tailwind CSS v4

UI Components: shadcn/ui

Icons: Lucide React (lucide-react)

Form Management: React Hook Form (for performance) & Zod (for schema validation)

Email API: Resend

Deployment & Hosting: Vercel

4.2. CSS Theme Implementation
The provided oklch CSS variable theme is mandatory and must be implemented in app/globals.css. This is the foundational color and style palette for the entire application and will be inherited by all shadcn/ui components.

4.3. Data Model & Validation (Zod Schema)
import { z } from 'zod';

const demoRequestSchema = z.object({
  fullName: z.string().min(2, { message: "Full name is required." }),
  companyName: z.string().min(2, { message: "Company name is required." }),
  role: z.string().min(2, { message: "Your role/title is required." }),
  workEmail: z.string().email({ message: "A valid work email is required." }),
  challenge: z.string().min(20, { message: "Please describe your challenge in at least 20 characters." }),
});

4.4. API Endpoint: /api/request-demo
Method: POST

Functionality:

Receives the form data payload.

Validates the payload against the demoRequestSchema on the server-side as a security measure.

On successful validation, it formats the data into a professional HTML email.

Uses the Resend API to send the email to a designated Bedrock Innovations inbox.

Returns a 200 OK success response or an appropriate error code.

4.5. SEO & Metadata
The following metadata must be implemented in app/page.tsx using the Next.js Metadata API.

Title: Custom AI Solutions for Service Industries | Bedrock Innovations

Description: Stop fighting outdated software. Bedrock Innovations builds custom AI tools for landscaping, construction, and field services to boost efficiency and cut costs. Request your free demo.

Open Graph (for social sharing):

og:title: Same as the main title.

og:description: Same as the main description.

og:type: website

og:url: The canonical production URL.

og:image: A dedicated 1200x630px image (/public/og-image.png) that visually represents the brand.

4.6. Performance Budget
Largest Contentful Paint (LCP): < 2.5 seconds.

First Input Delay (FID): < 100 milliseconds.

Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS): < 0.1.

Optimization Strategy: Leverage Next.js SSG/ISR. Optimize all images (AVIF/WebP), GIFs, and videos. Lazy load below-the-fold assets.

5. Development & Deployment Plan
5.1. Phased Roadmap
Phase 1: MVP (Minimum Viable Page)

Setup: Initialize Next.js project, install all dependencies, and configure the mandatory CSS theme.

Component Scaffolding: Create placeholder components for all 10 sections.

Static Content Implementation: Populate all components with the verbatim copy and static assets (using placeholders for video/GIFs).

Form Development: Build the contact form with client-side validation using React Hook Form and Zod.

API Development: Create and test the /api/request-demo endpoint with the Resend integration.

Responsiveness & Polish: Ensure the entire page is pixel-perfect and fully responsive across all target devices.

Deployment: Deploy to Vercel, configure environment variables, and conduct end-to-end testing.

Phase 2: Enhancements (Post-Launch)

Dynamic Asset Integration: Replace all placeholder assets with the final, optimized hero video and case study GIFs.

Micro-interactions & Animations: Integrate a library like Framer Motion to add subtle, professional animations (e.g., fade-in on scroll) to enhance the user experience.

A/B Testing: Implement A/B testing on the hero section CTA using Vercel Edge Config to determine the highest-converting copy.

CRM Integration: Upgrade the form submission API to pipe lead data directly into a CRM (e.g., Salesforce, HubSpot).

6. Risks & Mitigation
Risk

Likelihood

Impact

Mitigation Strategy

Performance Bottleneck

Medium

High

The hero background video will be heavily optimized and lazy-loaded. A static image fallback will be implemented for mobile devices or users with prefers-reduced-motion enabled.

Asset Sourcing Delays

Medium

Medium

The MVP will launch with high-quality, professionally sourced placeholders. Asset creation (video/GIF production) will be a parallel workstream that does not block the initial launch.

Scope Creep

Low

High

This PRD will be strictly adhered to. All feature requests outside of the defined scope (e.g., adding a blog, new pages) will be deferred to a future project.

7. Out of Scope
The following items are explicitly out of scope for this project:

Any pages beyond the single landing page (e.g., no /about, /contact, or blog pages).

User authentication or client portals.

A Content Management System (CMS) for editing page content.

Multi-language support.

8. Appendix
8.1. Asset Checklist
[ ] Hero background video (MP4, WebM formats)

[ ] Static hero background image (for fallback)

[ ] Company logos in SVG format (Bain, Salesforce, etc.)

[ ] Case Study 1 GIF/video

[ ] Case Study 2 GIF/video

[ ] Case Study 3 GIF/video

[ ] Case Study 4 GIF/video

[ ] Chris Peeler professional headshot

[ ] Paul Mewes professional headshot

[ ] KJ Yoo professional headshot

[ ] Jane Doe (testimonial) professional photo

[ ] Open Graph social sharing image (1200x630px)